Update with changes from Dev (#369)
satisfactorymodding/Documentation: modules/ROOT/pages/Development/Satisfactory/Audio.adoc

[NOTE]
====
Attenuation is not required if you plan to use Audio for UI or ADA messages, and this step can be skipped.
====

On Wwise's Project Explorer, go to the `ShareSets` tab. Share Sets are useful for providing the same configuration to multiple Wwise objects.

You will see the section `Attenuations -> Default Work Unit` 

image:Satisfactory/Wwise/Wwise_Attenuation_ProjectExplorer.png[Wwise_Attenuation_ProjectExplorer, 350]

Create a new Attenuation object by right-clicking the `Default Work Unit` then `New Child -> Attenuation`

image:Satisfactory/Wwise/Wwise_Attenuation_Create.png[Wwise_Attenuation_Create, 100%]

You can name this whatever you want; just be mindful that you can't use the same name twice.

Open the new Attenuation ShareSet by double clicking the new attenuation shareset.

In the main section, you will be presented with the following:

image:Satisfactory/Wwise/Wwise_Attenuation_Info.png[Wwise_Attenuation_Info, 100%]

==== Distance

Click on the First setting, Volume (by default, will automatically be selected). This is marked in Yellow on the screenshot.

You will then need to set the `Max Distance` setting.

[TIP]
====

> This number is in Unreal Units (uu); the conversion is 1000uu = 1 meter.

Reviewer: Unreal Units are centimeters
```suggestion
This number is in Unreal Units (uu); the conversion is 100uu = 1 meter.
```

Make sure to stop the audio when the actor is destroyed,
otherwise it will continue to play with no way to stop it.

image:Satisfactory/Wwise/Wwise_UEAkEvent_EndPlay.png[Wwise_UEAkEvent_EndPlay, 100%]

=== Updating Wwise Values From Your Mod

Wwise uses a feature called Real-Time Parameter Control (RTPC) that allows game engines like Unreal or Unity to change values on Wwise assets in real-time.
This enables special behaviors like a manufacturing building's sound volume to fluctuate based on recipe progress.

After setting up RTPC in Wwise and Unreal, blueprint code can update audio parameter values.

To set these up, in your Wwise project, go to Project Explorer and the `Game Syncs` tab.

Under `Game Parameters -> Default Work Unit` create a new game parameter by right-clicking the `Default Work Unit` and then `New Child -> Game Parameter`

image:Satisfactory/Wwise/Wwise_RTPC_Create.png[Wwise_RTPC_Create, 100%]

Name this whatever you want.

Open the newly created Game Parameter, and you should see the following in the main section:

image:Satisfactory/Wwise/Wwise_RTPC_Range.png[Wwise_RTPC_Range, 100%]

The parameter must have a range defined.

> A useful range is `0.0` to `1.0` since many existing gameand engine systems already use that range as a start-finish, minimum-maximum, or off-on scale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A useful range is `0.0` to `1.0` since many existing game and engine systems already use that range as a start-finish, minimum-maximum, or off-on scale.
```
